okay you two here today i have my
superpower I'm useless in a couple games
just strung it I have a high really
really high pocket one because I
wouldn't catch the ball you don't have
the cradle that much don't really
honestly have to cradle I have the
double V with two street yeah it's got a
good pinch this is lawyers where I got
this my clutch not legal for next year I
don't think it is I have to double check
on that but um yeah it's not legal
that's what I've heard so that's why I
got this it's a hundred dollars MSRP
retail price at Dick's you can get it
like fifty dollars for some other places
like on ebay but it's it's really happy
nice hat it's flexible when it's hot
that's the bad thing and it's like today
it was 90 degrees the season's over but
I was playing catch sometimes and our
friends are practicing faceoffs and the
thing is flexible well that's alright
when you do a face offs this is kind of
like old soft mesh but I put it in the
water soften it up a little more and
then hopefully it hardens because I put
just like something like that you can
see the double V into straight sdx super
power right here and then it says super
power right here and she doesn't send us
the newest model yeah alright and then
it's got a Nike vandal on it it's got it
all taped up so nike vandal with an STX
prothom FC x to power is probably one of
the ladies sticks of ever felt it's
amazing how light
when there was we had a game of windy I
threw my stick up and literally flew
with the wind so light but i would
recommend the student power and the
vanilla to anyone great stick and if you
string it right it'll be awesome I had a
couple strings I didn't like it I had on
that little prefer it is up the tribe
mesh where you have the top wall coming
down like right about here I had that on
this in three well but if after got wet
they got annoying so I stopped that then
I did this today just now right 30
minutes ago and I got the pencil in
there to keep the pocket yep there's my
STX soup power with the nike vandal